about.markdown, before:

---
title: About
---

I have a voyeuristic interest in others' "about me" pages, so I feel that it's only fair that I do the decent thing and provide my own.

I'm from the North East of England, and I grew up in an incredibly dull town in Tyne and Wear. Long, langurous periods of boredom are an absolutely essential part of childhood, and I happened to spend large chunks of mine harvesting all of the literature I could get my hands on.

I moved to London to study linguistics at University College London when I was eighteen, which of course was far to young to have any idea of what the hell I was getting myself into. Nine years later (and counting), and I'm remarkably still here. In the meantime, I spent a year studying linguistics, philosophy of language, and NLP in Tübingen, a small university town in Germany, and went on to complete an MSc by Research in theoretical linguistics at the University of Edinburgh, under the supervision of Dr. Peter Ackema, and Dr. Gary Thoms. Edinburgh is still one of my favourite places.

I'm currently in the fourth, and final year of a PhD in linguistics at University College London, under the supervision of Dr. Klaus Abels and Dr. Yasutada Sudo. I can usually be found gallavanting about in North London, but for this semester I'm a visiting scholar at the Zentrum für Allgemeine Sprachwissenschaft in Berlin.

I'm a syntactician who was tempted by the seductive allure of formal semantics at the beginning of my PhD. As such, the vast majority of my research revolves around the syntax-semantics interface. Specific topics I've worked extensively on include ellipsis, questions, and scope. My thesis (title TBC) will be on the syntax and semantics of clausal embedding.

Outside of linguistics, I'm interested in philosophy of language, cognitive science, and theoretical computer science. I spend most of my spare time reading novels, cycling, and drinking damn good coffee.

Commit message:

Updated home and about me pages.

about.markdown, after:

---
title: About
---

I have a voyeuristic interest in others' "about me" pages, so I feel that it's only fair that I do the decent thing and provide my own.

I'm from the North East of England, and I grew up in an incredibly dull town in Tyne and Wear. Long, langurous periods of boredom are an absolutely essential part of childhood, and I happened to spend large chunks of mine harvesting all of the literature I could get my hands on.

I moved to London to study linguistics at University College London when I was eighteen, which of course was far to young to have any idea of what the hell I was getting myself into. Nine years later (and counting), and I'm remarkably still here. In the meantime, I spent a year studying linguistics, philosophy of language, and NLP in Tübingen, a small university town in Germany, and went on to complete an MSc by Research in theoretical linguistics at the University of Edinburgh, under the supervision of Dr. Peter Ackema, and Dr. Gary Thoms. Edinburgh is still one of my favourite places.

I'm currently in the fourth, and final year of a PhD in linguistics at University College London, under the supervision of Dr. Klaus Abels and Dr. Yasutada Sudo. I spent the 2016 fall semester as a visiting scholar at the Centre for General Linguistics (ZAS), in Berlin.

I'm a syntactician who was tempted by the seductive allure of formal semantics at the beginning of my PhD. As such, the vast majority of my research revolves around the syntax-semantics interface. Specific topics I've worked extensively on include ellipsis, questions, and scope. My thesis (title TBC) will be on the syntax and semantics of clausal embedding.

Outside of linguistics, I'm interested in philosophy of language, cognitive science, and theoretical computer science. I spend most of my spare time reading novels, cycling, and drinking damn good coffee.
