actl2018.markdown, before:

---
title: Introduction to Dynamic Semantics
subtitle: Advanced Core Training in Linguistics, University College London 
author: Patrick D. Elliott
date: 25-29 June 2018
...


# Description

[^mn]: {-} ![](/images/cyclist.jpg)

[^mn]This course will provide an introduction to the study of linguistic meaning through the lens of *dynamic semantics* - an approach to semantics developed primarily during the 80s by Irene Heim and Hans Kamp. The central claim of dynamic semantics is that the meaning of a sentence consists of a set of instructions for updating the common ground. As such, dynamic semantics emphasises the flow of information over the course of a discourse, as opposed to concentrating only the meaning of a sentence taken in isolation. Starting from some basic building blocks, we'll put together a version of dynamic semantics, and use it to analyse the behaviour of indefinites ("a dog"), definites ("the cat"), and pronouns ("they/"them"/"she"/"her" etc.). Time permitting, we'll also discuss the dynamic approach to presuppositions.

Tentative course schedule:

 - session 1: what do pronouns mean?
 - session 2: from context-sensitivity to context change potentials
 - session 3: possible worlds and updates
 - session 4 & 5: presupposition
 
# Background

I'll assume a basic knowledge of set theory and first-order logic in this course. Elizabeth Coppock has put together a useful primer, which you can find online [here](http://eecoppock.info/DynamicSemantics/Lectures/logic-2up.pdf).

# Reference material

All reference material can be found [here](https://keybase.pub/patrl/actl2018/). More here soon.

Commit message:

Updated course website for actl

actl2018.markdown, after:

---
title: Introduction to Dynamic Semantics
subtitle: Advanced Core Training in Linguistics, University College London 
author: Patrick D. Elliott
date: 25-29 June 2018
...


# Description

[^mn]: {-} ![](/images/cyclist.jpg)

[^mn]This course will provide an introduction to the study of linguistic meaning through the lens of *dynamic semantics* - an approach to semantics developed primarily during the 80s by Irene Heim and Hans Kamp. The central claim of dynamic semantics is that the meaning of a sentence consists of a set of instructions for updating the common ground. As such, dynamic semantics emphasises the flow of information over the course of a discourse, as opposed to concentrating only the meaning of a sentence taken in isolation. Starting from some basic building blocks, we'll put together a version of dynamic semantics, and use it to analyse the behaviour of indefinites ("a dog"), definites ("the cat"), and pronouns ("they/"them"/"she"/"her" etc.). Time permitting, we'll also discuss the dynamic approach to presuppositions.

Tentative course schedule (allowing for some slippage):

 - session 1: Pronouns, quantification, and assignment sensitivity
 - session 2: From First Order Logic to Dynamic Predicate Logic
 - session 3: Discourse Referents and File Change Semantics
 - session 4 & 5: Updates and Presupposition
 
# Background

I'll assume a basic knowledge of set theory and first-order logic in this course. Elizabeth Coppock has put together a useful primer, which you can find online [here](http://eecoppock.info/DynamicSemantics/Lectures/logic-2up.pdf).

# Notes and Reference Material

Course notes will be dynamically-updated [here](/actl2018notes.html)

All reference material can be found [here](https://keybase.pub/patrl/actl2018/). More here soon.
