index.markdown, before:

---
title: About 
...

I'm a postdoctoral researcher at the [Leibniz-Zentrum für Allgemeine Sprachwissenschaft](https://www.zas.gwz-berlin.de) in Berlin, associated with the semantics and pragmatics research group. I'm a theoretical linguist, which means that my work involves developing formal models of what we know when we know a language. Mostly, I do semantics, but I'm also interested in syntax, morphology, pragmatics, and their interfaces with semantics. 

When I'm not doing linguistics, I [code](https://github.com/patrl), [read](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/59694544-patrick-elliott), and scale vertical walls. [Here](images/documenta.jpg) is a picture of me at documenta 14 in Kassel. 

Reach me at: [*myLastName*(at)leibniz-zas.de](mailto:elliott@leibniz-zas.de)
Test:

### Upcoming

- June 25-29, 2018: I'll be teaching an Introduction to Dynamic Semantics at the ACTL Summer School, UCL, London. [Course page](https://patrickdelliott.com/actl2018.html)
- July 30 - August 10, 2018: I’ll be teaching at the EGG summer school in Banja Luka. More details soon!

Commit message:

Updated news, added who and what ms

index.markdown, after:

---
title: About 
...

I'm a postdoctoral researcher at the [Leibniz-Zentrum für Allgemeine Sprachwissenschaft](https://www.zas.gwz-berlin.de) in Berlin, associated with the semantics and pragmatics research group. I'm a theoretical linguist, which means that my work involves developing formal models of what we know when we know a language. Mostly, I do semantics, but I'm also interested in syntax, morphology, pragmatics, and their interfaces with semantics. 

When I'm not doing linguistics, I [code](https://github.com/patrl), [read](https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/59694544-patrick-elliott), and scale vertical walls. [Here](images/documenta.jpg) is a picture of me at documenta 14 in Kassel. 

Reach me at: [*myLastName*(at)leibniz-zas.de](mailto:elliott@leibniz-zas.de)
Test:

### Upcoming

- March, 2018: new unpublished snippet -- "Collective predication and ellipsis: another case of ineffability". You can find it [here](https://patrl.keybase.pub/snippets/collectivePredSnippet.pdf).
- March, 2018: new unpublished manuscript with Andreea Nicolae and Uli Sauerland -- "Who and what do *who* and *what* range over cross-linguistically". You can find it [here](https://patrl.keybase.pub/papers/whoAndWhatMs.pdf).
- June 25-29, 2018: I'll be teaching an Introduction to Dynamic Semantics at the ACTL Summer School, UCL, London. [Course page](https://patrickdelliott.com/actl2018.html)
- July 30 - August 10, 2018: I’ll be teaching at the EGG summer school in Banja Luka. More details soon!
