research.markdown, before:

---
title: Research
---

This page is still under construction! Please bear with me as I repopulate this list with links to papers, handouts, etc. Feel free to email me 
directly at <a href="mailto:patrick.d.elliott@gmail.com">patrick.d.elliott@gmail.com</a>, and I'll be happy to send you anything that's missing.

<h2 class="sans">Upcoming presentations</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. TBA. FB IV workshop, ZAS, Berlin. December 9, 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Nicolae, Andreea. Cumulative readings beyond nominals. LSA 2017 Annual Meeting, Austin, Texas. January 2017. (poster)

<h2 class="sans">Papers</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. Submitted. Explaining DPs vs. CPs without syntax. In: *Proceedings of CLS 52*. <a href= "/documents/cls52-paper_draft.pdf" download="cls52-paper_draft.pdf">(draft).</a>

<a href= "/documents/nels46.pdf" download="nels46.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasutada. Submitted. List readings of conjoined singular *which*-phrases. In: *Proceedings of NELS 46*.

<a href= "/documents/PoRs.pdf" download="PoRs.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., Klinedinst, Nathan, Sudo, Yasu, and Uegaki, Wataru. Under revision. Predicates of relevancdfe and theories of question embedding. Ms., UCL and Keio University/Institut Jean-Nicod/JSPS

Elliott, Patrick D. In preparation. Nested *wh*-questions and the locality of scope taking. In: *Proceedings of ConSOLE XXIV*.

<a href= "/documents/SuB20.pdf" download="SuB20.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. To appear. E-type readings of quantifiers under ellipsis: consequences for the identity condition. In: *Proceedings of Sinn und Bedeutung 20*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/003069">LingBuzz</a>, <a href="http://semanticsarchive.net/Archive/2QzYmEzO/">semanticsarchive</a>)

Elliott, Patrick D., McCready, Eric, and Sudo, Yasu. In preparation. Discourse *even* vs. attitude *even*. In: *Proceedings of SALT 25*.

<a href="/documents/islands_draft.pdf" download="islands_draft.pdf"></a> Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. Under revision. 'There is no island repair'. Ms. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/002100">LingBuzz</a>)

<a href="/documents/wccfl-draft.pdf" download="snippet.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. To appear. 'QR out of Control'. In: *Proceedings of WCCFL 33*.

<a href="/documents/saltpaper.pdf" download="saltpaper.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasu. To appear. The sticky reading: VP ellipsis without parallel binding. In: *Proceedings of SALT 24*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/002900">LingBuzz</a>, <a href="http://semanticsarchive.net/Archive/jIxMTE5Z/">semanticsarchive</a>)

<a href="/documents/CLSproc.pdf" download="CLSproc.pdf"></a> Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. To appear. 'More variation in island repair: The clausal/non-clausal distinction.' In: *Proceedings of CLS 49*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/001929">LingBuzz</a>)

<h2 class="sans">Snippets</h2>

<a href= "/documents/snippet-superiority.pdf" download="snippet-superiority.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasutada. Under review. Do superiority-violating multiple singular <i>which</i>-questions have pair-list readings? Ms., UCL and ZAS.

<a href= "/documents/weakisland-snippet.pdf" download="weakisland-snippet.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. Submitted. Weak island effects and obviation in infinitival complements to adjectives. Ms., UCL. 

<a href="http://www.ledonline.it/snippets/allegati/snippets30001.pdf" download="snippet.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Pair-List Readings of Conjoined Singular *Which*-Phrases. *Snippets*, 30:5--6. doi: 10.7358/snip-2015-030-nico

<h2 class="sans">Presentations</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. Ellipsis identity and the alternative tier. Theory of the Grammar colloquium, Universität Leipzig. November 11 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D., Klinedinst, Nathan, Sudo, Yasutada, and Uegaki, Wataru. Predicates of relevance and theories of question embedding. NELS 47, UMass Amherst. October 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2016. NPI anti-licensing in peripheral modifiers. *2016 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of York, September 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Nicolae, Andreea. 2016. Cumulative readings beyond nominals *2016 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of York, September 2016. 

<a href="/documents/SuB2016.pdf" download="SuB2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016i. Embedded declaratives as modifiers. *Sinn und Bedeutung 21*, University of Edinburgh, September 2016.

<a href="/documents/nasslli2016.pdf" download="nasslli2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016h. Propositional content of events and individuals. NASSLLI 2016 Student Session, Rutgers University, July 2016. (poster)

<a href="/documents/olinco_solo_poster.pdf" download="olinco_solo_poster.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016g. Selection without syntax: explaining the difference between clauses and nominal phrases. Olomouc Linguistics Colloquium, June 2016. (poster)

Elliott, Patrick D. and Murphy, Andrew. 2016. Non-intersective readings in the Slavic Noun Phrase: diagnosing two varieties of left branch extraction. Olomouc Linguistics Colloqium, June 2016. (poster) <a href="/documents/ElliottMurphyOlinco.pdf" download="ElliottMurphyOlinco.pdf">Abstract</a>.

<a href="/documents/phdDay2016.pdf" download="phdDay2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016f. *That*-clauses as event modifiers. University College London PhD Day, May 24 2016.

<a href="/documents/lsd2016.pdf" download="lsd2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016e. *Explain* and the semantics of embedding. London Semantics Day, May 10 2016.

<a href="/documents/ucla_roundtable.pdf" download="ucla_roundtable.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016d. Severing everything: substitution failures and their consequences for the theory of argument structure. *Roundtable*, UCLA, April 25<sup>th</sup> 2016.

<a href="/documents/cls52.pdf" download="cls52.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016c. Explaining DPs vs. CPs without syntax. *52<sup>nd</sup> annual meeting of the Chicago Linguistics Society*, Chicago, April 2016. <a href="/documents/cls-abstract.pdf" download="cls-abstract.pdf">Abstract</a>.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2016b. Nested which-phrases: consequences for the syntax of wh-scope. *Incontro di Grammatica Generativa 42*, University of Salento, February 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2016a. Nested *Wh*-Questions and the Locality of Scope Taking. <a href="https://sites.google.com/a/york.ac.uk/consolexxiv/home">*ConSOLE XXIV*</a>, York, January 2016.

<a href="/documents/nels46-slides.pdf" download="nels46-slides.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Pair-list readings of conjoined singular *which*-phrases. <a href="http://linguistics.concordia.ca/nels46/">*NELS 46*</a>, Concordia University, October 2015

<a href="/documents/sub-poster.pdf" download="sub-poster.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. E-type readings of quantifiers under ellipsis: consequences for the identity condition. Poster at <a href="https://sites.google.com/site/sinnundbedeutung20/home">*Sinn und Bedeutung 20*</a>, Tuebingen, September 2015.

<a href="/documents/workshop-slides.pdf" download="workshop-slides.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. Nested *wh-*questions and the locality of scope-taking. <a href="/workshop/">*Questions at the Syntax-Semantics Interface*</a>, University College London, September 2015.

Beshears, Anne and Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. Questions and correlatives: a common semantic core. <a href="http://www.eggschool.org/open-podium/">EGG summer school open podium</a>, Brno, August 2015.

<a href="/documents/phd-day-talk.pdf" download="phd-day-talk.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015b. On the ambiguity of multiple questions. UCL PhD day, June 2015.

<a href="/documents/SALTPoster-even.pdf" download="SALTPoster-even.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., McCready, Eric, and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Discourse even vs. attitude even. Poster at *SALT 25*, Stanford University, May 2015.

<a href="/documents/SortingOutMultipleQuestions.pdf" download="SortingOutMultipleQuestions.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015a. Sorting Out Multiple Questions. *London Semantics Day*, QMUL, May 2015.

<a href="/documents/joint-brazil-talk.pdf" download="joint-brazil-talk.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Murphy, Andrew. 2015. 'Optimizing the Ellipsis Site.' *Grasping Ellipsis: its syntax, semantics, acquisition and processing*, University of Campinas, Brazil, May 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2015. 'Forming Chains with Covert Copies: Deriving the Locality Constraints on QR' (poster) *GLOW 38*, Paris, April 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2015. 'QR out of Control.' *WCCFL 33*. Simon Fraser University, Vancouver, March 2015.

Burke, Luke and Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. 'Remarks on the Coordination of DPs and CPs.' *Workshop on Interactions Between Syntax and Semantics Across Frameworks*, University of Cambridge, 8th January 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2014. 'E-Type Readings of Quantifiers Under Ellipsis.' *2014 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of Oxford, 4th September 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2014b. Illusory Repair and the PF Theory of Islands. *MIT LF Reading Group*, June 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasu. 2014b. 'VP ellipsis without parallel binding: Towards a QUD approach.' (poster). *SALT 24*, New York University, May 30th - June 1st 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2014a. 'Ellipsis identity and structural economy.' *9th Newcastle Upon Tyne Postgraduate Conference in Linguistics*, April 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasutada. 2014a. 'VP ellipsis without parallel binding: Towards a QUD approach.' Talk given at University College London Linguistics department.

<a href="/documents/mfil-solo.pdf" download="mfil-solo.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2013c. 'Towards a dual account of ellipsis identity.' *Manchester Forum in Linguistics*, University of Manchester, November 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013c. 'Island evasion explains variability in island repair.' *Manchester Forum in Linguistics*, University of Manchester, November 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013b. 'Island evasion explains variability in island repair.' Invited talk at the *Edinburgh Ellipsis Workshop*, University of Edinburgh, May 29th 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013b. 'Towards a theory of radical island evasion under ellipsis'. Paper presented at the *LEL Postgraduate Conference*, University of Edinburgh, May 22nd 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013a. 'No sluice is an island.' Poster presented at the *Postgraduate Linguistics Workshop*, University of St. Andrews, March 25th 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013a. 'More variation in island repair: The clausal/non-clausal distinction.' Paper presented *CLS 49*, University of Chicago, April 19th 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2012. 'Illusory island repair in sluicing: Evidence from non-predicative adjectives.' Invited talk for the *Syntax and Semantics Reading Group*, University of Edinburgh, October 10th 2012.

<h2 class="sans">Unpublished work</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. In prep. Sorting out multiple questions. Ms. Email me for a draft.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013. 'Clausal ellipsis and identity'. MSc dissertation, University of Edinburgh. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Peter Ackema and Dr. Gary Thoms)

Elliott, Patrick D. 2012. 'The distribution and interpretation of the German simplex anaphor.' BA Long Essay, University College London. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Hans van de Koot)

Elliott, Patrick D. 2011. 'Modelling implicature.' Year abroad project, Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Roland Mühlenbernd)

<h2 class="sans">Miscellaneous handouts</h2>

<a href="/documents/pair-list-handout.pdf" download="pair-list-handout.pdf"></a> 'Uniqueness, answerhood, and pluralities of questions'. Handout from the UCL Semantics Research Seminar, 2016.


<!-- ## Upcoming -->

<!-- - blah -->
<!-- - blah -->
<!-- - blah  -->

<!-- <details> -->
<!-- <summary>Older talks</summary> -->
<!-- Blah blah blah. -->
<!-- </details> -->

<!-- TODO: implement collapsible list as above. -->

Commit message:

Added new talk + hidden abstract.

research.markdown, after:

---
title: Research
---

This page is still under construction! Please bear with me as I repopulate this list with links to papers, handouts, etc. Feel free to email me 
directly at <a href="mailto:patrick.d.elliott@gmail.com">patrick.d.elliott@gmail.com</a>, and I'll be happy to send you anything that's missing.

<h2 class="sans">Upcoming presentations</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. TBA. FB IV workshop, ZAS, Berlin. December 9, 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Nicolae, Andreea. Cumulative readings beyond nominals. LSA 2017 Annual Meeting, Austin, Texas. January 2017. (poster)

<h2 class="sans">Papers</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. In prep. Nesting habits of flightless *wh*-phrases. Ms.
<details>
<summary>Abstract</summary>
<p>The focus of this paper is a construction involving what Heim (1994)
  refers to as nested <i>which</i>-phrases, and lessons for a compositional
  account <i>wh</i>-interrogatives. The central puzzle under consideration is the
  unavailability of the pair-list interpretation when an <i>in-situ</i>
  <i>wh-</i>phrase is nested inside of the moved <i>wh-</i>phrase,
  despite the fact that the pair-list interpretation obtains when the
  <i>in-situ</i> <i>wh-</i>expression is contained in an island. Even under the surviving single-pair reading, nested
  \emph{which-}phrases pose some well-known problems relating to the semantics
  of pied-piping, as discussed by von Stechow (1996), Sternefeld (2001) and
  Sauerland and Heck (2003). We aim to show that nested <i>which</i>-phrases are
  problematic for current compositional accounts
  of <i>wh-</i>interrogatives. We go on to propose a new account,
  which combines
  Cable's (2010) syntax for interrogatives with a semantics based on
  Charlow's (2015) system for composing
  alternatives. We show that this system is powerful enough to derive pair-list
  readings across islands, via covert pied-piping, and the single-pair reading
  of nested <i>which</i>-phrases, via trace conversion. On the other hand, the
  pair-list reading of nested \emph{which}-phrases is shown to be impossible to
  generate, given some well-motivated syntactic restrictions on covert movement.</p>
</details>

Elliott, Patrick D. Submitted. Explaining DPs vs. CPs without syntax. In: *Proceedings of CLS 52*. <a href= "/documents/cls52-paper_draft.pdf" download="cls52-paper_draft.pdf">(draft).</a>

<a href= "/documents/nels46.pdf" download="nels46.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasutada. Submitted. List readings of conjoined singular *which*-phrases. In: *Proceedings of NELS 46*.

<a href= "/documents/PoRs.pdf" download="PoRs.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., Klinedinst, Nathan, Sudo, Yasu, and Uegaki, Wataru. Under revision. Predicates of relevancdfe and theories of question embedding. Ms., UCL and Keio University/Institut Jean-Nicod/JSPS

Elliott, Patrick D. In preparation. Nested *wh*-questions and the locality of scope taking. In: *Proceedings of ConSOLE XXIV*.

<a href= "/documents/SuB20.pdf" download="SuB20.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. To appear. E-type readings of quantifiers under ellipsis: consequences for the identity condition. In: *Proceedings of Sinn und Bedeutung 20*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/003069">LingBuzz</a>, <a href="http://semanticsarchive.net/Archive/2QzYmEzO/">semanticsarchive</a>)

Elliott, Patrick D., McCready, Eric, and Sudo, Yasu. In preparation. Discourse *even* vs. attitude *even*. In: *Proceedings of SALT 25*.

<a href="/documents/islands_draft.pdf" download="islands_draft.pdf"></a> Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. Under revision. 'There is no island repair'. Ms. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/002100">LingBuzz</a>)

<a href="/documents/wccfl-draft.pdf" download="snippet.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. To appear. 'QR out of Control'. In: *Proceedings of WCCFL 33*.

<a href="/documents/saltpaper.pdf" download="saltpaper.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasu. To appear. The sticky reading: VP ellipsis without parallel binding. In: *Proceedings of SALT 24*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/002900">LingBuzz</a>, <a href="http://semanticsarchive.net/Archive/jIxMTE5Z/">semanticsarchive</a>)

<a href="/documents/CLSproc.pdf" download="CLSproc.pdf"></a> Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. To appear. 'More variation in island repair: The clausal/non-clausal distinction.' In: *Proceedings of CLS 49*. (<a href="http://ling.auf.net/lingbuzz/001929">LingBuzz</a>)

<h2 class="sans">Snippets</h2>

<a href= "/documents/snippet-superiority.pdf" download="snippet-superiority.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasutada. Under review. Do superiority-violating multiple singular <i>which</i>-questions have pair-list readings? Ms., UCL and ZAS.

<a href= "/documents/weakisland-snippet.pdf" download="weakisland-snippet.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. Submitted. Weak island effects and obviation in infinitival complements to adjectives. Ms., UCL. 

<a href="http://www.ledonline.it/snippets/allegati/snippets30001.pdf" download="snippet.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Pair-List Readings of Conjoined Singular *Which*-Phrases. *Snippets*, 30:5--6. doi: 10.7358/snip-2015-030-nico

<h2 class="sans">Presentations</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. Ellipsis identity and the alternative tier. Theory of the Grammar colloquium, Universität Leipzig. November 11 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D., Klinedinst, Nathan, Sudo, Yasutada, and Uegaki, Wataru. Predicates of relevance and theories of question embedding. NELS 47, UMass Amherst. October 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2016. NPI anti-licensing in peripheral modifiers. *2016 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of York, September 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Nicolae, Andreea. 2016. Cumulative readings beyond nominals *2016 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of York, September 2016. 

<a href="/documents/SuB2016.pdf" download="SuB2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016i. Embedded declaratives as modifiers. *Sinn und Bedeutung 21*, University of Edinburgh, September 2016.

<a href="/documents/nasslli2016.pdf" download="nasslli2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016h. Propositional content of events and individuals. NASSLLI 2016 Student Session, Rutgers University, July 2016. (poster)

<a href="/documents/olinco_solo_poster.pdf" download="olinco_solo_poster.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016g. Selection without syntax: explaining the difference between clauses and nominal phrases. Olomouc Linguistics Colloquium, June 2016. (poster)

Elliott, Patrick D. and Murphy, Andrew. 2016. Non-intersective readings in the Slavic Noun Phrase: diagnosing two varieties of left branch extraction. Olomouc Linguistics Colloqium, June 2016. (poster) <a href="/documents/ElliottMurphyOlinco.pdf" download="ElliottMurphyOlinco.pdf">Abstract</a>.

<a href="/documents/phdDay2016.pdf" download="phdDay2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016f. *That*-clauses as event modifiers. University College London PhD Day, May 24 2016.

<a href="/documents/lsd2016.pdf" download="lsd2016.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016e. *Explain* and the semantics of embedding. London Semantics Day, May 10 2016.

<a href="/documents/ucla_roundtable.pdf" download="ucla_roundtable.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016d. Severing everything: substitution failures and their consequences for the theory of argument structure. *Roundtable*, UCLA, April 25<sup>th</sup> 2016.

<a href="/documents/cls52.pdf" download="cls52.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2016c. Explaining DPs vs. CPs without syntax. *52<sup>nd</sup> annual meeting of the Chicago Linguistics Society*, Chicago, April 2016. <a href="/documents/cls-abstract.pdf" download="cls-abstract.pdf">Abstract</a>.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2016b. Nested which-phrases: consequences for the syntax of wh-scope. *Incontro di Grammatica Generativa 42*, University of Salento, February 2016.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2016a. Nested *Wh*-Questions and the Locality of Scope Taking. <a href="https://sites.google.com/a/york.ac.uk/consolexxiv/home">*ConSOLE XXIV*</a>, York, January 2016.

<a href="/documents/nels46-slides.pdf" download="nels46-slides.pdf"></a> Nicolae, Andreea, Elliott, Patrick D., and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Pair-list readings of conjoined singular *which*-phrases. <a href="http://linguistics.concordia.ca/nels46/">*NELS 46*</a>, Concordia University, October 2015

<a href="/documents/sub-poster.pdf" download="sub-poster.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. E-type readings of quantifiers under ellipsis: consequences for the identity condition. Poster at <a href="https://sites.google.com/site/sinnundbedeutung20/home">*Sinn und Bedeutung 20*</a>, Tuebingen, September 2015.

<a href="/documents/workshop-slides.pdf" download="workshop-slides.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. Nested *wh-*questions and the locality of scope-taking. <a href="/workshop/">*Questions at the Syntax-Semantics Interface*</a>, University College London, September 2015.

Beshears, Anne and Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. Questions and correlatives: a common semantic core. <a href="http://www.eggschool.org/open-podium/">EGG summer school open podium</a>, Brno, August 2015.

<a href="/documents/phd-day-talk.pdf" download="phd-day-talk.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015b. On the ambiguity of multiple questions. UCL PhD day, June 2015.

<a href="/documents/SALTPoster-even.pdf" download="SALTPoster-even.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D., McCready, Eric, and Sudo, Yasu. 2015. Discourse even vs. attitude even. Poster at *SALT 25*, Stanford University, May 2015.

<a href="/documents/SortingOutMultipleQuestions.pdf" download="SortingOutMultipleQuestions.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2015a. Sorting Out Multiple Questions. *London Semantics Day*, QMUL, May 2015.

<a href="/documents/joint-brazil-talk.pdf" download="joint-brazil-talk.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. and Murphy, Andrew. 2015. 'Optimizing the Ellipsis Site.' *Grasping Ellipsis: its syntax, semantics, acquisition and processing*, University of Campinas, Brazil, May 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2015. 'Forming Chains with Covert Copies: Deriving the Locality Constraints on QR' (poster) *GLOW 38*, Paris, April 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Thoms, Gary. 2015. 'QR out of Control.' *WCCFL 33*. Simon Fraser University, Vancouver, March 2015.

Burke, Luke and Elliott, Patrick D. 2015. 'Remarks on the Coordination of DPs and CPs.' *Workshop on Interactions Between Syntax and Semantics Across Frameworks*, University of Cambridge, 8th January 2015.

Elliott, Patrick D. and Sudo, Yasu. 2014. 'E-Type Readings of Quantifiers Under Ellipsis.' *2014 Annual Meeting of the Linguistics Association of Great Britain*, University of Oxford, 4th September 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2014b. Illusory Repair and the PF Theory of Islands. *MIT LF Reading Group*, June 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasu. 2014b. 'VP ellipsis without parallel binding: Towards a QUD approach.' (poster). *SALT 24*, New York University, May 30th - June 1st 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2014a. 'Ellipsis identity and structural economy.' *9th Newcastle Upon Tyne Postgraduate Conference in Linguistics*, April 2014.

Elliott, Patrick D., Nicolae, Andreea, and Sudo, Yasutada. 2014a. 'VP ellipsis without parallel binding: Towards a QUD approach.' Talk given at University College London Linguistics department.

<a href="/documents/mfil-solo.pdf" download="mfil-solo.pdf"></a> Elliott, Patrick D. 2013c. 'Towards a dual account of ellipsis identity.' *Manchester Forum in Linguistics*, University of Manchester, November 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013c. 'Island evasion explains variability in island repair.' *Manchester Forum in Linguistics*, University of Manchester, November 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013b. 'Island evasion explains variability in island repair.' Invited talk at the *Edinburgh Ellipsis Workshop*, University of Edinburgh, May 29th 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013b. 'Towards a theory of radical island evasion under ellipsis'. Paper presented at the *LEL Postgraduate Conference*, University of Edinburgh, May 22nd 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013a. 'No sluice is an island.' Poster presented at the *Postgraduate Linguistics Workshop*, University of St. Andrews, March 25th 2013.

Barros, Matt, Elliott, Patrick D., and Thoms, Gary. 2013a. 'More variation in island repair: The clausal/non-clausal distinction.' Paper presented *CLS 49*, University of Chicago, April 19th 2013.

Elliott, Patrick D. 2012. 'Illusory island repair in sluicing: Evidence from non-predicative adjectives.' Invited talk for the *Syntax and Semantics Reading Group*, University of Edinburgh, October 10th 2012.

<h2 class="sans">Unpublished work</h2>

Elliott, Patrick D. 2013. 'Clausal ellipsis and identity'. MSc dissertation, University of Edinburgh. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Peter Ackema and Dr. Gary Thoms)

Elliott, Patrick D. 2012. 'The distribution and interpretation of the German simplex anaphor.' BA Long Essay, University College London. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Hans van de Koot)

Elliott, Patrick D. 2011. 'Modelling implicature.' Year abroad project, Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen. Email me for a copy. (Supervised by Dr. Roland Mühlenbernd)

<h2 class="sans">Miscellaneous handouts</h2>

<a href="/documents/pair-list-handout.pdf" download="pair-list-handout.pdf"></a> 'Uniqueness, answerhood, and pluralities of questions'. Handout from the UCL Semantics Research Seminar, 2016.


<!-- ## Upcoming -->

<!-- - blah -->
<!-- - blah -->
<!-- - blah  -->

<!-- <details> -->
<!-- <summary>Older talks</summary> -->
<!-- Blah blah blah. -->
<!-- </details> -->

<!-- TODO: implement collapsible list as above. -->
