---
title: A note on if-questions
author: Patrick D. Elliott
date: 2016-10-15
---

*If*-clauses are weird. They have a couple of prominent uses: as the antecedent clause in a conditional *if...then...* statement (see (@1)), and as an embedded question (@2).

(@1) If Britta is taking this class, then I'm not.
(@2) Jeff asked if Britta is taking this class.

Here, I'm interested in the latter cases, which I'll call *if*-questions. Their distribution is constrained in some interesting ways. Under *rogative* [^lahiriNote] predicates, *if*-questions seem, more-or-less, to be in free variation with *whether*-questions.

(@3) Jeff {wondered|asked} {if|whether} Britta is taking this class.

Elsewhere however, the similarity between *whether*-questions and *if*-questions breaks down. Unlike *whether*-questions (and interestingly, much like *that*-clauses), *if*-questions aren't permitted as the complement of a preposition.

(@5) Britta thought about {whether|*if|*that} she should attend class.

Furthermore, *if*-questions generally seem pretty bad as subjects, unlike both *whether*-questions and *that*-clauses, which are attested, under certain conditions, in this environment.

(@6) {Whether|*if} Jeff attends depends on whether Britta attends.
(@7) That Britta is attending class worries Jeff.

These facts are clearly telling us something interesting about the syntactic properties of *if*-questions vis a vis other varieties of embedded clause, maybe specifically about their case properties. I don't want to speculate more about this here.

Moving on, *if*-questions show some extremely interesting behaviour under *responsive* predicates, such as *know* and *admit*. These facts were first uncovered and analysed in a 2001 paper by Adger & Quer[^paywallNote], who claim that *if*-questions exhibit polarity sensitivity under responsive predicates. The judgements are subtle, but the following contrast is fairly illustrative.[^AQNote]

$$
\llbracket x \rrbracket
$$

(@8a) *?Jeff told me if Britta left.
(@8b) Jeff didn't tell me if Britta left.

Adger & Quer develop a theory tailored to derive this kind of contrast. I have some issues with their account, but I'll leave that for another post (maybe!). For the time being I just want to note that the predicate *imagine* poses an interesting problem for the distribution of *if*-clauses, and its certainly outside of the scope of Adger & Quer's account. First, note that *imagine* doesn't embed *whether*-questions at all (9). The polarity of the matrix clause doesn't seem to make a difference (10). However, when the matrix clause is an imperative (11), or otherwise a request directed at the addressee (12), an embedded *if*-question is licensed, despite the fact that an embedded *whether*-question still isn't.

(@9) Jeff imagined {*whether|*if|that} Britta left.
(@10) Jeff never imagined {*whether|*if|that} Britta left.
(@11) Imagine {*whether|if|that} Britta left.
(@12) Can you imagine {*whether|if|that} Britta left.

Adger & Quer of course don't consider this kind of data, but it's difficult to see how one could extend their account to this, since as far as I can see, they predict *if*-questions to be licensed in a subset of the environments that *whether*-questions are.

Zooming out a bit, how the hell do kids acquire these kinds of subtle distributional facts, given that *whether*-questions and *if*-questions seem, roughly, to mean the same thing?

More selectional puzzles soon! And, as always, my deepest apologies to the non-linguists.



[^lahiriNote]: [Lahiri (2002)](https://global.oup.com/academic/product/questions-and-answers-in-embedded-contexts-9780199246526) classifies predicates that embed questions, broadly, as either *rogative* or *responsive*. *Rogative* predicates are those which may embed interrogative clauses, but not declaratives, like *wonder* and *ask*. *Responsive* predicates on the other hand may embed both interrogatives and declaratives, such as *know* and *tell*.

[^paywallNote]: This is behind a paywall (https://www.jstor.org/stable/3087030), but you can apparenly download the .pdf [here](http://filcat.uab.cat/clt/publicacions/reports/pdf/GGT-99-2.pdf) for free.

[^AQNote]: This isn't much discussed much by Adger & Quer, but (8a) is almost certainly acceptable under the reading that can be paraphrased as "If Britta left, then Jeff told me (that Britta left)". I assume that this is a possible analysis of (8a), since *tell* independently allows Null Complement Anaphora, as in "Britta left. Jeff told me."  
